I didn't expect the Martial God Temple to be so vulnerable
Hmm, what a mess
Dragon, you will have a magic professor to pick you up later.
Get everyone out safely
adult
That's the devil
We have no chance
Unless you break through the path of Tianjun
We can only hope to break the game
adult
I can do it for you.
One last thing.
adult
You are our hope for everything
This is Wang Zun's army rank
Occupy the world for me
I'll leave it to you here.
The lady is really a hard bone to chew
But when the troops are just slowed down
What can you do to me?
Do you think you can run away?
I have 30,000 outside
If you leave now, you will die faster.
Do you want to save him?
Then I'll give you one last chance